Publish consent request APIs (preview) (#11109)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/adminconsentrequestpolicy-update.md

Update the properties of an [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.ConsentRequest |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

The work or school account must be a *Global administrator* of the tenant.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PUT /policies/adminConsentRequestPolicy
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md) object.

The following table shows the properties that are required when you update the [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md).

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |isEnabled|Boolean|Indicates whether the admin consent policy is enabled or disabled.<br><br>This property manages the policy, while the **EnableAdminConsentRequests** property of the **Consent Policy Settings** object of the [directory settings](../resources/directorysetting.md) resource determines if users are shown the prompt to request access. The **EnableAdminConsentRequests** property must be set to `true`. See [sample request and response](../api/directorysetting-get.md) of the Consent Policy Settings object.|

Reviewer: It's not going to be necessary moving forward to set consent policy settings. Can you remove this snippet?

Author: Noted.

Update the properties of an [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.ConsentRequest |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

The work or school account must be a *Global administrator* of the tenant.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PUT /policies/adminConsentRequestPolicy
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md) object.

The following table shows the properties that are required when you update the [adminConsentRequestPolicy](../resources/adminconsentrequestpolicy.md).

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |isEnabled|Boolean|Indicates whether the admin consent policy is enabled or disabled.<br><br>Note: this flag manages the policy, while the **EnableAdminConsentRequests** flag of the **Consent Policy Settings** object of the [directory settings](../resources/directorysetting.md) resource determines if users are shown the prompt to request access. The **EnableAdminConsentRequests** flag must be set to `true`. See [sample request and response](../api/directorysetting-get.md) of Consent Policy Settings object.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|isEnabled|Boolean|Indicates whether the admin consent policy is enabled or disabled.<br><br>This property manages the policy, while the **EnableAdminConsentRequests** property of the **Consent Policy Settings** object of the [directory settings](../resources/directorysetting.md) resource determines if users are shown the prompt to request access. The **EnableAdminConsentRequests** property must be set to `true`. See [sample request and response](../api/directorysetting-get.md) of the Consent Policy Settings object.|
```
